Add magnetometer thermal calibration documentation. (#2567)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/advanced_config/sensor_thermal_calibration.md

This topic details the [test environment](#test_setup) and [calibration procedures](#calibration_procedures).
At the end there is a description of the [implementation](#implementation).

:::note
After thermal calibration, the thermal calibration parameters (`TC_*`) are used for *all* calibration/compensation of the respective sensors.
Any subsequent standard calibration will therefore update `TC_*` parameters and not the "normal"  `SYS_CAL_*` calibration parameters (and in some cases these parameters may be reset).
:::
 
:::note
Releases up to PX4 v1.14, do not support thermal calibration of the magnetometer.
:::

<span id="test_setup"></span>
## Test Setup/Best Practice

The [calibration procedures](#calibration_procedures) described in the following sections are ideally run in an *environmental chamber* (a temperature and humidity controlled environment) as the board is heated from the lowest to the highest operating/calibration temperature.
Before starting the calibration, the board is first *cold soaked* (cooled to the minimum temperature and allowed to reach equilibrium).

:::note
Active electric heating elements will affect the magnetometer calibration values.

> Care should be taken to ensure heating elements are either inactive or sufficiently
> far from the sensor to avoid injecting noice into the magnetometer calibration.

Reviewer: Noise typo.
```suggestion
Ensure that heating elements are either inactive or sufficiently far from the sensor to avoid injecting noise into the magnetometer calibration.
```

:::

For the cold soak you can use a regular home freezer to achieve -20C, and commercial freezers can achieve of the order of -40C. 

> The board should be placed in a ziplock/anti-static bag containing a silica packet, 
> with a power lead coming out through a sealed hole. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The board should be placed in a ziplock/anti-static bag containing a silica packet, with a power lead coming out through a sealed hole. 
```

### Compatibility with legacy `CAL_*` parameters and commander controlled calibration

The legacy temperature-agnostic PX4 rate gyro and accelerometer sensor calibration is performed by the commander module and involves adjusting offset, and in the case of accelerometer calibration, scale factor calibration parameters. The offset and scale factor parameters are applied within the driver for each sensor. These parameters are found in the [CAL parameter group](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#sensor-calibration).

Onboard temperature calibration is controlled by the events module and the corrections are applied within the sensors module before the sensor combined uORB topic is published. This means that if thermal compensation is being used, all of the corresponding legacy offset and scale factor parameters must be set to defaults of zero and unity before a thermal calibration is performed. If an on-board temperature calibration is performed, this will be done automatically, however if an offboard calibration is being performed it is important that the legacy `CAL*OFF` and `CAL*SCALE` parameters be reset before calibration data is logged.

> If accel thermal compensation has been enabled by setting the `TC_A_ENABLE` parameter to 1, then the commander controlled 6-point accel calibration can still be performed, however instead of adjusting the `*OFF` and `*SCALE` parameters in the `CAL` parameter group, these parameters are set to defaults and the thermal compensation `X0` and `SCL` parameters are adjusted instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If accel thermal compensation has been enabled by setting the `TC_A_ENABLE` parameter to 1, then the commander controlled 6-point accel calibration can still be performed.
However, instead of adjusting the `*OFF` and `*SCALE` parameters in the `CAL` parameter group, these parameters are set to defaults and the thermal compensation `X0` and `SCL` parameters are adjusted instead.
```

If gyro thermal compensation has been enabled by setting the `TC_G_ENABLE` parameter to 1, then the commander controlled gyro calibration can still be performed, however it will be used to shift the compensation curve up or down by the amount required to zero the angular rate offset. It achieves this by adjusting the X0 coefficients.

> If mag thermal compensation has been enabled by setting the `TC_M_ENABLE` parameter to 1, then the commander controlled 6-point accel calibration can still be performed, however instead of adjusting the `*OFF` and `*SCALE` parameters in the `CAL` parameter group, these parameters are set to defaults and the thermal compensation `X0` and `SCL` parameters are adjusted instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If magnetometer thermal compensation has been enabled by setting the `TC_M_ENABLE` parameter to 1, then the commander controlled 6-point accel calibration can still be performed.
However, instead of adjusting the `*OFF` and `*SCALE` parameters in the `CAL` parameter group, these parameters are set to defaults and the thermal compensation `X0` and `SCL` parameters are adjusted instead.
```
